[Music]
so
i know what you're thinking why is that
incredibly handsome hedgehog being
chased by a madman with a mustache from
the civil war
well to be honest it feels like i've
been running my whole life
is this too much am i going too fast
it's kind of what i do you know what
let's back up
this is the island where i'm from
it had everything sandy beaches
cascading waterfalls
public access to loop-de-loops and i
never had to catch a school bus because
i could run across the entire island in
less than two seconds
also there was no school i know pretty
sweet island right
i was born with extraordinary powers and
was told to keep them secret
and like any kid i did the exact
opposite
that's long claw she took care of me she
was basically obi-wan kenobi
if obi-wan kenobi had a beacon eight
mice sonic
someone could have seen you no one saw
me
i'm too fast and i wanted to bring you
this
get down
turns out with great power comes great
power hungry bad guys
and i led them right to us
[Music]
listen carefully sonic you have a power
unlike anything i've ever seen
and that means someone will always want
it the only way to stay safe
is to stay hidden
this world is on the far side of the
universe you should be safe there i
don't want to go without you
you must these rings will be your most
important possession
if you're ever discovered use one never
stop running now go
goodbye sonic now
[Music]
hmm
come on one car
are you there no wait i'm actually on a
yacht
in barbados with rihanna
omg that's amazing please send pics
no wade i'm at the speed trap already
how did you get back so fast barbados is
in the ocean hang on i think i got
something
[Music]
hey buddy where's the fire
got kids living around here that was
kind of funny
sorry
what
hmm
so
tom we need you down on main street
there's been a violent gang shootout
just kidding a duck stole a bagel but
they do need it back oh
buddy you almost got yourself killed out
there what are you some kind of
adrenaline junkie
must be rough being slow all the time
tell you what
today is your lucky day
have you ever felt so alive
this is great you're doing amazing oh
geez
good recovery
keep this our little secret okay you
never saw me
i was never here
so what were you expecting a dirty
little hedgehog eating berries and
struggling to survive
think again because i am living my best
life on earth
i've got a library
a home gym and a state-of-the-art
security system
oh no and if i'm ever discovered i'll
follow long claws instructions and use
my
rings to escape to a new planet a nice
safe little world filled
only with mushrooms
gross smelly mushrooms
i hate mushrooms
but let's not worry about all that this
is green hills the greatest place on
earth
these are my people and dare i say i am
their lovable space creature
so what if they don't know i exist
my favorite person is the donut lord
protector of this town and defender of
all creatures
big and small morning donald daisy
happy donut lord lives with pretzel lady
she is super nice to animals and
strangely was
born without bones ouch ouch
ouch there is one person in town who's
actually on to me
he calls me the blue devil i almost
caught him last night
say hello to crazy carl
we have fun together
i know you're out there and i know
you're real no i'm not
[Music]
you